Young master
Misunderstanding
I'm hateful, of course I'm not qualified
But it's true that they insulted the Heaven and Earth Alliance
Yes, sir, you hit the wrong person, right?
Ah, I hit you
Hahaha, meet big brother.
How could he be a big brother?
Impossible Impossible Master, are you kidding me?
How could he be the big brother?
This is not my big brother.
He is my eldest brother's eldest brother
What? What?
You're welcome.
Get up, thank you bro
By the way, why are you here?
Bad brother, we found the Henika in 02
ID failed
I thought the black gold card was stolen
Dare I should have thought of it
How could someone steal Sister Ting's black gold card?
I used to have one of these
When you swiped the card
No authentication required.
Is this a new feature?
Uh no
This feature has been there from the beginning
It is the bank that provides better service
Let our valued customers not be disturbed
So when you and Sister Ting swipe their cards
I can't feel it.
I see
Hey, Shu Ting is really
And gave me a card that doesn't work
I almost lost face today
Don't worry big brother
I'll call Sister Ting later.
Just ask him to authorize it.
But this little thing shouldn't need Sister Ting
Big brother will pay for the consumption tonight.